README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Hello-World

> Set up a "Hello Microverse" project


## Built With

- Html, CSS

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@Sparktan24](https://github.com/Sparktan24)
- Twitter: [@Sparktan1](https://twitter.com/Sparktan1)
- LinkedIn: [Jesus Molina](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jesus-molina-2b104424a/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

Commit message:

Modify in README.md file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Hello-World

> Set up a "Hello Microverse" project


## Built With

- Html, CSS

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started


### Prerequisites
-Have git installed locally.
-Have a code editor installed (if you wish to modify the project).

### Setup
-clone the project to a local folder.


## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@Sparktan24](https://github.com/Sparktan24)
- Twitter: [@Sparktan1](https://twitter.com/Sparktan1)
- LinkedIn: [Jesus Molina](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jesus-molina-2b104424a/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Microverse

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._
